So we're going to walk
through the solution and
I'm going to do just a few extra
things within this solution.
Just so we can start to move
towards a coherent application.
So the first part of this was to,
within the courses component,
display the courses using ngFor.
Add an event handler to select a course,
and
then display the raw JSON
of a selected course,
we are going to do a similar
thing in the home component.
So just to lock this down,
if we go into our courses component HTML,
you'll see here that I've added a mat
list that has a mat list item, and
so I can kind of shrink
everything else that's in here.
And we are using ngFor to
iterate over the courses and
essentially stamp out a templated item for
every single course, so
I'm going to just copy this.
And let's go into our home component.html,
and
we're going to take these course
lessons here that you can see in
the component itself, and
we're going to render these.
So what I'm gonna do so
that I'm not typing everything over and
over, and
I'm going to just delete this up here.
So I just have a mat list,
a mat list item.
The first thing we're
gonna do is use ngFor.
And we're going to go let
lesson of course lessons.
And this is going to iterate over,
so let's just go ahead and
make sure that we
are rendering this properly.
I'm just going to go lesson,
don't know what's actually in here.
So we'll just do a pipe and we'll do JSON.
We'll save this.
Let's hop into our browser, and
let's go to our home route here.
And so you can see we're just iterating
over, we're dumping this out.
But we have a title property here
that we actually want to bind to,
so we'll go back into our code and
we'll go.
All will bind to this, oops, lesson.title.
Let's check this out.
Here we go.
And what I want to do is create an event
handler that when I select this,
then I'm able to capture that and
do something with it.
So we're going to go click and
we're going to go select lesson and
we're going to pass this lesson in.
And we'll hop into our all component and
we'll add in our event handler here,
select lesson,
which is going to take a lesson.
And I'm kind of doing this backwards,
I realized selected lesson equals lesson,
all right?
So you can see here that
this doesn't exist.
And I wonder what happens if I click
declare property selected lesson.
Well, what do you know?
It went ahead and just added this for me.
So let's hop back into our browser.
And you can see here that
one it's rendering, but
let me go back into my code real quick.
And, or rather,
let's go into our template.
And let's do,
want to just do a horizontal row,
which I just use as a,
just to kind of segment the layout.
And we'll do our favorite pre tag here,
and
SelectedLesson, and we're just gonna
dump this out back into the browser.
And so you can see here that as we select
this, this is now showing up underneath.
And so I believe this satisfies
the entirety of this particular challenge.
Let me just double check, yep,
raw JSON of selected lesson.
But let's go ahead and
I'm going to do a few other things,
jjust as kind of an extension
of our component challenge,
so that we can see this working,
so in our,
app.component.html, we
have a sidenav here.
And If we look in the HTML itself, you'll
notice that there's nothing actually here.
So what I'm going to do is,
because I have to find the path here,
so I have a links collection
with home courses,
even some icons, a couple different thing.
Let's go ahead and let's build this out.
And so
we're going to use a nav element here.
And then within this,
I'm going to go anchor tag that button.
We're going to set this to class nav link.
And we're going to,
let me just close this off real quick, so
I can do this in a way that
makes a little bit more sense.
So now, let's iterate over this.
And so ndFor, and we're going to go,
let link have links.
And let's go ahead and add in a mat icon.
And we're going to go link icon.
And from here,
We're going to do link.title.
So let me just save this real quick and
see where we ended up at.
So here we go.
So you'll notice here that
it's not actually doing much.
And so let's wire this up.
And we're going to talk about this a
little bit more when we get into routing.
But at the same time,
I think that having something functional,
trumps narrative arc in this case.
So we need to add the ability to link.
So in this case,
we're going to bind to router link and
we're going to call link.path.
And then, what we'll also do is,
we'll go router link active and
we're just going to attach
an active class here.
So let's save this, and
hopefully, we can navigate.
So we'll talk a little bit
more about router link and
how that works, but even if we go to,
real quick, let me just inspect this.
What you see here is that,
if you look right here,
because this is active courses that
we have the active class on this.
And so if I went in and
defined inactive class that,
I could say I want this to be read.
We now have the ability to navigate
from home to courses and back,
because we built up
the navigation using ngFor.
And is well using property binding,
we were able to essentially bind to this
router link directive and
send in the path.
Now let me do one other thing
real quick since we're here.
If I go to, Coursescomponent.html,
you'll see here that I have
a Course that when we select it,
we are displaying it.
But then, if nothing is selected,
then it's just kind of like no book.
Super boring.
So I want to update this slightly,
within this mat card title.
What I'm going to do is
I'm going to introduce
a span tag, and I am going to go ngIf, and
we're going to go selectedcourse.id.
So it's basically saying, is there
a selectedcourse and does it have an ID?
And if not else,
we're going to give it just a,
want to call it elseBlock.
Really, really progressive there.
So If it does exist,
then we're going to go
SelectedCourse.title, title case.
So just what we did up here,
and then if it doesn't,
then we're going to do ng template and
we're going to define our elseBlock,
and We'll go select a course, all right?
Let's save this,
let's go back into our application.
So what you're gonna see here, mat two,
it's trying to read selectedCourse.id, but
guess what, that doesn't exist.
So this is where we use our
safe navigation operator,
to say, try to read it.
And if it doesn't, then just give up.
So now, here,
Here, and so let's go.
And let's add something else in,
since we're here,
and I'm going to jump back into the code.
And in the actions,
I'm going to add a button.
And eventually we're going
to use this to reset a form.
But for now,
what I'm going to do is select course,
and I'm gonna pass in null,
we'll see what happens.
So back here, And
so what I'm doing now is I'm essentially
setting the selected course to null.
All right, so we're kinda moving along,
things are looking cool.
So I'm going to cut this off,
check it in, and
then we're going to go to the next
logical extension of this application.